# wpi-cs-graph
Hello! This is a python program that is meant to help CS majors at WPI to learn what the recommended classes are for each class. This is meant as a replacement of the `cs_graph.png` file, that seems to confuse many who try to use it. In addition, many of the class recommendation here seem to not fully prepare the students who are taking the classes (for example, many believe that Operating Systems, CS 3013, should be a prerequisite of Computer Networks, CS 3516), so this program adds in additional classes that seem to be recommended before. The user can chose whether to see these classes with the `student recommendations` option.
## How to install
Since this is a python program, all that is needed is to download the repository file and run it, using `python3 main.py`. The program uses no external libraries.
## How to use
Once running you will be greeted with a search prompt. From here you can type any CS class code (in the format of `CS 1101`, space required). Once you click search (or hit enter), that class will show the class in the middle, with its code, name, and (if applicable) whether it fufills a track. From here you can search a new class, same as before, or you can click on one of the recommended/next classes to view that class\'s information.
## Future Plans
The main thing that I want to add are more student recommendations. Most of the recommendations listed are ones that either I or close friends already knew, and there are probably some missing from classes none of us take. Functionally, I would also like to add more color coding for classes, and maybe a feature to "zoom out" from a class to see a bigger picture, rather than just one level of seperation at a time. One other change I would like to add is to make an expanded search feature, where you can search a class by its name, rather then by its code.
